Our application, AskLocal allows a user to ask questions about any location and receive real time answers from other users. For this user testing, we want you to suppose that you are on your way to UQ and are wanting to use this room but you are not sure if there is a class in here. [Question page] These are some of the questions asked so can you open the question about great court. These are the answers listed as per the number of votes they have received. So now can you post a question about wanting to use this room. [Answers page] Now suppose you are another user of this app who is currently in this room and notice the question appear in your notifications. So can you answer the question. Lastly, can you go to your profile page.   

Question 1: Is the navigation hard to follow? If yes how would you suggest we improve it. 
User 1 No
User 2 Yes, user thinks the “add question” bar was not obvious enough to find
User 3 No 
User 4 No
User 5 No

Question 2: What information do you want to see on the location page other than description, address and similar locations?
User 1 Opening hours
User 2 Parkings
User 3 Opening hours for specific buildings
User 4 Have similar locations appear as a gallery of images 
User 5 facilities 

Question 3: We plan to use categories to make it easier for people to filter out questions. Can you suggest any categories? (E.g. facilities would be a category if someone is asking questions regarding ramp access for buildings or whether a park has toilets)
User 1 Libraries
User 2 Streetmarkets (such as night noodle market)
User 3 Parking, Quiet study areas
User 4 Facilities is good, opening and closing times as some places may not have it stated online
User 5 entertainment, vending machine

Question 4: When asking a question is there any other restrictions you would like to put other than the amount of points you reward and the duration of the question.
User 1 No
User 2 No
User 3 No
User 4 Have an option to post my question anonymously
User 5 emergency question 

Question 5: Are the 2 tabs ‘top questions’ and ‘recent questions’ understandable or are these unnecessary?
User 1 Remove them
User 2 Probably remove ‘recent queations’ 
User 3 Having it is fine
User 4 Just have questions and maybe a search bar to filter out different questions
User 5

Question 6: Is the use of the thumbs up icon clear or should another icon be used? 
User 1 Looks like a like button, add thumbs down button
User 2 Yes
User 3 Yes
User 4 It makes sense
User 5 Yes

Question 7: What do you think of the interface and colour scheme, are there any improvements we can make? 
User 1 Remove the grey 
User 2 Having a background colour would be good
User 3 Making the active tab the same as background, make the headers (navigation bar) purple
User 4 Blue and black look good but doesn’t match the logo
User 5 the colour is simple and suitable 

Question 8: Would you prefer to log in with your social media, rather than register a new account? 
User 1 Yes so I can share to my social media too
User 2 Yes 
User 3 Having both
User 4 Consider having both options
User 5 yes

Question 9: Apart from the current point system, is there any other way to encourage people to post and answer questions?
User 1 Point system is good
User 2 Having a great number of points to get awards, such a discount parking coupon and so on
User 3 You can post question with 0 points
User 4 Have rewards within the app for example foursquare had a mayor for someone who visits the place the most
User 5 the points can redeem money

Question 10: Is there another way to reword or notify the user that they are spending points?
User 1 Use visuals 
User 2 Show it more obvious in the profile
User 3 Each time you press a question, have a pop up box show how much points you have
User 4 Use less words in the pop up box and use different colours to show points deduction
User 5 Show remaining balance after spending 
